on the shooting range of the shaft bin be heavy
Typhoon demonstrates his virtually
limiting possibilities and these are only
rehearsal of the international army forum
2015 under the shots of tanks and volleys
artillery mounts
the illusion of full-scale combat
Bruni car typhoon parallel
developed at once two enterprises Ural and
KAMAZ of all this is different
layout and engines are common before them
the task is maximum and security
about the fact that the army needed fundamentally
new cars became clear after
Afghanistan and two Chechen campaigns
machines themselves increased their security
could a bulletproof vest on the door under the seat
steel sheets on engine armor
A typhoon stands to hit from
heavy machine gun system
tire swapping allows you to move even
if in each wheel 14 breakdowns
engine also due to all sides
double armor
to get hit
bullet and splinter engine
not stalled further we go separately
the capsule where is his winter crew and
tank below the bug after a few days in
test center of the defense ministry will begin
state tests of new
cars for example suv joke
on low pressure tires in water not
sinking mud doesn't get stuck moving quietly not
leaving traces
they say he already liked the strength
special operations ministry
defense proposed a whole group of new
technology that is not widely
used in the ministry of defense
this and snowmobiles
this and ATV modified
specially on demand ministry
defense it and umeny
tracked vehicles are very wide
range of application all new technique in
test center makes work
with ultimate loads and in the most
difficult climatic conditions this
snowmobile special camera a few
hours frozen to a temperature of -50
further without warming up the engine full gas
treason in 50 plus 27 Russian snowmobiles
which have already been adopted
easily withstand such drops
temperatures now they pass last
the test after which the technique will begin
arrive troops stationed in
mainly in northern arctic latitudes
where it is simply necessary in
developing new cars for
the armed forces are now taking part
almost all Russian car plants
most technicians will complete the tests
already this year
Vitaly Akinshin Constantin Terentyev
dmitry louboutin tv channel star